i would like to review all the cases that have my name in the operative report since november of 2003
we would like to have atleast 200,000 reports with the following information for each report. We would prefer to get data from the Emergency room visits for atleast the last 4 years starting from the most recent data. Reports from out patient clinics can also be included if the number of reports from EDs is much lesser than the total number requested 1. hospital or ED where case seen 2. Date and Time of original visit 3. Age 4. Gender 5. Chief Complaint 6. ICD 9 Codes 7. Zip code 8. Any additional demographic information like Ethnicity, Insurance type etc
Questions to be answered for the Columbia Healthcare System CHS should include both outpatient and inpatient settings provide data separately and in total 1 How many patients and what percentage of total first entered the CHS via the Endocrine Division in the previous 12 months 2 What are the top 5 diagnoses for patients entering the CHS via the Endocrine Division 3 For all patients who first visited the CHS in the past 12 months, how many were seen by an endocrinologist, for any reason 4 Of those who first entered the CHS via the Endocrine Division, what were total charges during the 12 months after the initial visit from the Endocrine Division and what were total charges for these patients from all other revenue centers in CHS 5 Of patients who entered CHS via another division other than Endocrine, but were seen by an Endocrinologist, what were total charges in 12 months after their initial encounter in the CHS and what were the charges for these patients from th!e Endocrine Division 6 What are the typical treatment patterns, services provided and revenues generated for patients entering via the Endocrine Division with the top 5 diagnoses Include referrals to other providers by provider type and reason, referrals for laboratory, radiologic and other diagnostic services, and revenues resulting from care, visits, treatment and revenues generated directly by the endocrinologist. Capture all revenues resulting from the typical referral for a 12 month period 7 What is the number and percentage of endocrine patients ie patients whose 1st encounter is via Endocrine that are admitted for a hospital stay at any point during their course of care What diagnoses are most likely to lead to an admission What were the average lengths of stay 8 How many and what percent of patients entering CHS via another division are seen by an endocrinologist during their course of care in the past 12 months 9 What are the top 5 reasons for referral to an endocr!inologist From what divisions or departments are all patients most commonly referred to the Endocrine Division 10 What are the typical treatment patterns, services provided and revenues generated for these referred patients by the top 5 reasons diagnoses for referral Include typical referrals to other providers b provider type and reason ,referrals for laboratory and other diagnostic services and revenues resulting form that care, as well as visits, treatment and revenues generated directly by the endocrinologist. Limit treatment to a 12 - month period.
1. All children 20 years of age 2. Present to Pediatric Emergency Departement 3. September 2004 - February 2005 4. Have a radiograph performed between 5pm and 8 am in VC radiology ED radiograph department 5. Radiogaph can be plain film e.g. of an extremity, neck, chest, abdomen, skull or a CT scan head or abdomen 6. Need MRN, Name, DOB, date of ED radiograph, time of radiograph, type of ED radiograph best if sorted by this variable 7. If possible, would also like date and time that radiograph was considered final and time of attending electronic signature
1. Demographics - Information from the patient s most recent admission Name Date of Birth Gender Address Telephone number work and home 2. Laboratory results - Results 14 days before to 14 days after the date of cardiac catheterization procedure Blood Count CBC or ABC Basic metabolic panel TroponinI TroponinT CPK CK - MB CK - MB Cholesterol LDL VLDL HDL Triglycerides Glucose HBA1C CRP Homocysteine 3. Cardiac catheterization report - All available cardiac catheterization report. 4. 12 - lead electrocardiogram report - Results 14 days before to 14 days after the date of cardiac catheterization procedure 5. Stress test report - All available stress test reports 6. Discharge summary - Discharge summary of the admission base on the date of procedure.
The number of children aging 0 - 18 years seen at CHONY - PED for acute asthma exacerbation from 1/2004 to 1/2005 stratified by age.
1 Number of patients with discharge diagnosis of Myocardial Infarction MED Code 2618 or descendants, ICD9 - CM Code 410.00 to 410.99 , by year from 2000 - 2004. 2 Same as above plus any in - patient beta blocker descendants of MED Codes 31046, 31056, 31285, 31342, 31634, 32658, 34318, 34352, 44061, or 28144
BASIC METABOLIC PANEL SODIUM, POTASSIUM, CHLORIDE, BICARB, BUN, GLUCOSE, CREATININE, CALCIUM HEPATIC FUNCTION TEST TOTAL PROTEIN, ALBUMIN, TOTAL BILIRUBIN, DIRECT BILIRUBIN, AST, ALT, ALKALINE PHOSPHATASE ENDOCRINE LH, FSH, ESTRADIOL SEROLOGY/IMMUNOLOGY HEPATITIS C CHEMISTRY PHOSPHORUS ADDITIONAL TESTS VITAMIN D 25, VITAMIN D 125
HXE, BMET, LD, CK, HEPT, MG, PHOSPHORUS, UA, T4, TSH, FTIP
ICDcode DischargeDate AdmDate AdmittingService if available PatientType Inpt, Outpatient As discussed previously with Dr. Wajngurt